[newrelic-infrastructure] Improve enableProcessMetrics (#294)
newrelic/helm-charts: charts/newrelic-infrastructure/README.md

| `schedulerEndpointUrl`         | Explicitly sets the scheduler component url.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                 |
| `controllerManagerEndpointUrl` | Explicitly sets the controller manager component url.                                                                                                                                                                                             |                                 |
| `eventQueueDepth`              | Increases the in-memory cache of the agent to accommodate for more samples at a time. | |

> | `enableProcessMetrics`         | Enables the sending of process metrics to New Relic.  | `` |

Reviewer: I'd maybe puy a "See [1]" in the "Default" column, with a short explanation after the table (basically the same or a shorter version of what you put in the values.yml)

Reviewer: Something like:

 | `enableProcessMetrics`         | Enables the sending of process metrics to New Relic.  | Account default[1] | 

> [1]: The account default is `true` for accounts created before July 20, 2020 and `false` for accounts created after said date. Setting this to `true` or `false` will override this mechanism.

Author: I'll add a note!

| `runAsUser` | Set when running in unprivileged mode or when hitting UID constraints in OpenShift. | `1000` |
| `daemonSet.annotations`   | The annotations to add to the `DaemonSet`.

> > 1: Depending on the creation date of the account the behaviour is different
> > Accounts and subaccounts created before July 20, 2020 will report, by default, process metrics unless this config option is explicitely set to "false".
> > On the other hand New Relic accounts created after July 20, 2020 will **not** send, by default, any process metrics unless this config option is explicitely set to "true".
> > [Additional information](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1120)
> 

Reviewer: Minor styling
```suggestion
> 1: Default value will depend on the creation date of the account owning the specified License Key:
> * Accounts and subaccounts created before July 20, 2020 will report, by default, process metrics unless this config option is explicitely set to `false`. This is done to respect the old default behavior of the Infrastructure Agent.
> * New Relic accounts created after July 20, 2020 will **not** send, by default, any process metrics unless this config option is explicitely set to `true`.
> 
> [Additional information](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1120)
```
